Lilliana Robinson: So I referenced this, I think, on the Kpi call on Monday. But I added this workshop.
Lilliana Robinson: I think, like a couple programs. After we started doing this format of Demo Day, because I realized that we have
Lilliana Robinson: intro to Q&A. We have lots of pitch practices with Troy and with myself and all of these different sessions. And I didn't have any sessions about the video. So the video was kind of on the back burner. And then it would be like the last thing people think about the week before Demo Day, and people would try to like scramble. And the video is honestly one of the worst ones to scramble on, because it's not something that most of you could just like grind on in a night and like crank out
Lilliana Robinson: because you need other people's help to do it, be it animators, videographers like designers, whatever you need for your video voiceovers stuff like that. So this is definitely not one that you want to just like leave to the last minute. This is something you want to be thinking about at the same time as your Q&A, and your pitch
Lilliana Robinson: today is pretty low stakes today is just to plant a flag just like we've had for Q&A and pitch practice where it's like, okay, we're starting today. So that's why I call it storyboarding workshop. Annie did a great job leading the front posting her storyboard.
Lilliana Robinson: It can be like that. It could be like black text on white slides. Where you're just like this is what's going through, and you can click through. You could have like a digital. It's it's up to you. And maybe you have nothing. Maybe you want to just jot your idea down on like a Google, Doc, with like a few bullets. And you're like, this is what I'm thinking. It's really, really low stakes. The whole point is to get a concept out there today. We're going to go through everybody's and hear feedback from the rest of the group.
Lilliana Robinson: Once you hear the feedback go back iterated a bit and then start working on it, because the next time that you can get feedback is once you have certain drafts, so this will probably be the only time that we're giving feedback, at least, that our team is giving feedback on your like storyboard concept.
Lilliana Robinson: After this, I'm gonna ask, like, Okay, well, send me like what you have. Send me your 1 min video and I can give you feedback. So you can start iterating the actual video like, maybe change this or this voiceover doesn't sound great. Or I think you need to add this line something like that.
Lilliana Robinson: Does that make sense
Lilliana Robinson: cool? Okay, so does anyone want to volunteer to go first, st I think. Just take about a minute to 2 min, like pretty quickly walk us through it so that you can leave a lot of time for feedback open discussion, and I'll try to keep time to make sure everyone can go.
Lilliana Robinson: All right. Morgan
Lilliana Robinson: floor is yours.
Lilliana Robinson: and we're recording. So you guys can watch back the feedback.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah. So some of you helped me the other day during lunch, and I'm gonna share. I can find it. Annie was smart to post it on
Morgan Stanton: base camp.
Morgan Stanton: You guys help me whiteboard it.
Morgan Stanton: So sorry I have so many tabs open.
Morgan Stanton: share that. Let's see if that works.
Morgan Stanton: Do you guys see that image of the whiteboard?
Morgan Stanton: Okay, it's a bit chaotic, but it helps me. So thank you all so much near it. Kevin. Annie, you gave great feedback. So some of this is editing on here. But for the 1st 1520 seconds I want to give a very quick overview of like the history of women's health, and like, specify like kind of like poignant facts. And actually, Kevin helped me pull these out.
Morgan Stanton: Be like there is no women in clinical trials. We didn't use male mice into 2018 and really emphasize the date. These are recent dates. I think even the video I might try to make it seem old, and then kind of like, be like. No, this was like 5 years ago.
Morgan Stanton: and do it kind of like a little bit of like a shock value like, there's just been an R&D in women's health. There's just been this huge issue. It's like a tiny educational portion of the video. And then
Morgan Stanton: at the end, do what that means. Like, what did that actually result in? And New York gave the really good idea of like headlines, right? It resulted in a lot of drugs need to be recalled or changed because they didn't interact with women, how they were anticipated. And so when a drug has reached the market, and that's a huge amount of money lost. So to actually give numbers and headlines here from newspapers
Morgan Stanton: and then great. There's that problem. What is Opal going to offer? And then we'll start with, you know, for papaya customer one. We offer menstrual health products, and this will be like, I want to get a little bit of footage of me and lab kind of just showcasing stuff. It'll keep it high level, but it's like, Hey, we we do science essentially and then we also. For I,
Morgan Stanton: Annie, when I were talking about saying the National Science Foundation is customer. 2. I don't know if I can say that, but, like saying, for our grant in the National Science Foundation, we do drug addition to these human models of the uterus, and show a little bit of it there, and just kind of leave it very high level. I did think if there was time to do a customer testimonial, but I think we won't
Morgan Stanton: be able to get there annie recommended doing this as the end, tying it back. Be like opal now is going to be the standard of offering women's health services. There's no excuse to go back to how we were running R&D before like this is how we move forward into the future.
Morgan Stanton: I'll stop there.
Lilliana Robinson: So I have 2 questions, one
Lilliana Robinson: in your pitch. Are you gonna say uterus in a dish? Because I really think you should have some sort of like animation, or like visualization, to show what exactly that means, because it can make it real.
Lilliana Robinson: I think. Remember, Troy was kind of like struggling to understand what exactly you were talking about. But if you follow it up by like visuals in a video that might help to what is your objective for Demo Day Morgan, and everyone else I'd love, for. I didn't say this for you, Morgan, but everyone you should start by telling us your goal for demo Day, just to put it in the context. So we know what this is trying to accomplish.
Morgan Stanton: So the the goal for demo days
Morgan Stanton: I mean, there's twofold. One is to find potentially more clients in women's health. Right? So if someone's working in women's health want to partner with us, I don't know how much of the audience will be there, at least get like contacts in the space, and the other is to start a relationship with some early stage investors to to start raising in like January, February, March.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I'll leave it open to the room.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Hey, Morgan? I don't know if there's an in for this angle, but if you want to make it even more emotional like, you know there have been women who've gone to the doctor complaining of like
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): pain, and the doctor just says it's in your head. Take an advil, and it turns out they have like severe endometriosis or uterine fibroids, or something. So that's also something. If you want to make, if you really like, want to make it more emotional like, and stick that in. But you can also stick with the. You know how women were underrepresented throughout history and clinical trials and things like that.
Morgan Stanton: I do like that, and that could be actually in the like talk before.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's exactly what I was. Gonna say, I think, Mark, I think there's a good point. I think, that might better serve spoken by Morgan as opposed to it, being in the video.
Morgan Stanton: And sorry, Lillian, to speak to your point about the animation. That's a really good idea I actually thought of.
Morgan Stanton: I can putting up
Morgan Stanton: an image like I know. We talked about our final image or one slide we could have of a uterus in it like I actually have microscope images, and I wanted to show like a bunch of them. And this is I. I've done a lot of changing to my 30 second pitch. But like really emphasizing. We're using human tissue. We can test a lot of it to have the slide behind me show. Like, basically like.
Morgan Stanton: try to say, like, these are like a bunch of like 20 different women. We can test like thousands and thousands of their their human samples. But animation might be an easier like concept like I don't know to to understand.
Morgan Stanton: I like that idea. I.
Lilliana Robinson: Only if it doesn't distract from what you're trying to get across here. That was just an idea.
Morgan Stanton: I wasn't sure if I was going to say a uterus in a dish I didn't know if it would make.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah. Can I turn it to you on the line of like I, we're doing science. We're doing things in female reproductive health, but I don't want to get too technical, and maybe that could be a question at the end be like, what do you mean about like? How can? Maybe that can be a question.
Morgan Stanton: And then the Q. And a to like, follow up, be like, be more specific about what you're doing in female reproductive health like, how how exactly.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Cause then I see. So it's basically like, don't even get into to confuse people. Keep a high level that makes sense
Lilliana Robinson: cool. Maybe we have time for like one more comment. Does anyone else want to share
Lilliana Robinson: good.
Annie Brown: Said that I think this is gonna be like, really powerful. And I think you'll have a lot of people in the audience that are super excited about this, because this has been such a big problem that I think people
Annie Brown: somewhat know about. But
Annie Brown: when you actually dive into like the dates of when things happened. And and the fact that you're a direct solution to this problem.
Annie Brown: I think it's gonna be really powerful.
Morgan Stanton: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, thanks, Morgan, that's great.
Lilliana Robinson: I can't wait to see it.
Lilliana Robinson: Who wants to go next?
Çoruh | CogniScope: We can go.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Time.
Florence Ettlin: One second. I'm gonna share my screen.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Columbia.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Thanks for that, doctor.
Florence Ettlin: Can you see my screen?
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, okay, perfect. So, this is also very high level at this point. But we decided that in the pitch. We want to really go deep into the problem. So really, a lot of the problem is covered in the talk
Florence Ettlin: and the video is really to show a deep dive into what we do and how we can help. So the situations that Anna can be used.
Florence Ettlin: And so the 1st scenes are actually really so. Scene 1, 2, and 3, as well as 4, are to showcase the different situations that Anna can be helpful to a guest the different capabilities that Anna can bring. So from being able to help with property questions, being able to help with local services and recommendations.
Florence Ettlin: as well as routing requests directly to the host. And that's when we flip the video to the host side
Florence Ettlin: and summarizing all the benefits that the hosts get out of Anna, so that would be really helping them to get their life back, as we know, from one of the clusters, and for the other one we need to be able to allocate their employees time more efficiently.
Florence Ettlin: And then the last scene would be to kind of summarize that with an actual customer testimonial to give that some weight, some credibility, and that we imagine just being a voiceover from our 1st customer, our second customer, actually where they explain how Anna has helped them progress their business.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah. So that's kind of like the quick idea that we had.
Florence Ettlin: I don't know if if you guys think we should not just talk solution, but also add
Florence Ettlin: parts of the problem, or if there should be anything else to it, or if you think that in our case it is good to do a deep dive, deep, dive into the solution.
Florence Ettlin: So happy to get your feedback on that.
Lilliana Robinson: The last sentence got really quiet, Flo? I don't know. Sometimes your mic is quiet. Can you say the last sentence again.
Florence Ettlin: So for us, we weren't entirely sure whether we should just do a deep dive into solution for the video. And so we would be really interested to hearing your perspectives, whether you think we should actually also touch on problem kind of similar to how Morgan 1st has a part where she does go back to the problem. Or if you think, since we are covering the problem extensively in our pitch, whether that's fine in terms of keeping it really
Florence Ettlin: focused on the solution, and with a customer testimonial.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, I I definitely vote for customer testimonial that we haven't shown. I don't think we've shown an example that has one in the video actually, snow had one.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. But a really good one. If you guys look up
Lilliana Robinson: activated scale from
Lilliana Robinson: what would that have been? That would have been fall 2022.
Florence Ettlin: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: They spent their whole video, basically like showing the customer journey of this person who found he. They sell to startups. So they found their product. They used it, and then they were able to accomplish the goal that they needed. That is
Lilliana Robinson: kind of what I want to see here. I think it would be really cool, because yours is so easily understood. Like as compared to someone like Morgan, I think taking us through the journey like
Lilliana Robinson: of a real customer, and like what is their actual?
Lilliana Robinson: You don't have to go into the problem, but we would understand the problem by seeing how they use the solution. And then the most important thing is how it helps them get their desired outcome.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's something that the activated scale does really. Well, it's like, it's a sales platform. So they were able to generate X amount of revenue through the sales platform that they hired through activated scale. So something like that.
Florence Ettlin: Liliana by customer. Do you mean that we're supposed to follow the journey of the guest or of the host? Because here what we're trying to do is show both sides, because
Florence Ettlin: Anna can help both the guest and the host. And we're trying to help the audience relate to the guest because everyone's a guest and any traveler. And the host side we're trying to show because they're the paying customer at the end of the day. So the the ones that actually use Anna and interact with Anna are the guests. So that's why I've seen 1, 2, 3, and 4 are all about just how you described how a guest comes around like comes yeah.
Florence Ettlin: Someone like flying to a new city, staying in a room asking questions, traveling the city, whatever Aka, how they engage with Anna and then switch over to what the benefits are to the host. Aka. They're able to focus on business, focus on family do other things
Florence Ettlin: because.
Lilliana Robinson: Were gonna like, divide the time of the minute. I would say.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 3rd of the video should be scenes, one through 4. 1 3rd of the video should be seen 5 and 1 3rd should be seen. 6. That's how important those last 2 are. Can you reiterate your goal?
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, sorry I forgot that. So the goal for us is to there are 2 goals that we are evaluating. One is, get customer introductions to property management companies, and the other one would be early introductions to early stage investors. So to start relationships so similar to what Morgan had said, as well.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I think it's really important to show
Lilliana Robinson: the credibility in the last piece. Then, in that case, what does everyone else think? Does anyone want to weigh in here.
Annie Brown: Yeah, I I agree with Iliana that
Annie Brown: I think.
Annie Brown: even though you don't necessarily need to
Annie Brown: focus on the problem. What what cause I cause I'm kind of doing the same thing like the problem is in my pitch.
Annie Brown: And then the solutions in my video. But what you might want to do is show
Annie Brown: what a property manager is doing without Collab, because I think that might be interesting, like what kind of like what the hassle is, and then
Annie Brown: like how? How you are making that better. Because
Annie Brown: the problem is the the thing that I'm not getting from this now is
Annie Brown: like why a property manager would
Annie Brown: pay a lot of money from it. And knowing your guys and knowing your product and everything you know, I like, I know that
Annie Brown: they would. But from just this video it doesn't necessarily
Annie Brown: convey the the way that the solution is helping them. A lot.
Florence Ettlin: So would an idea be to start, for example, from the perspective of how a property manager, you know, gets bombarded with all the questions is never.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Florence Ettlin: To respond in time. It's bad reviews, all of those
Florence Ettlin: things that basically impact them, not being well at work and then flipping it to. This is how it looks like when you have Anna
Florence Ettlin: something along those lines.
Florence Ettlin: Okay.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, and you you can have, like B roll where it like flips to like a guest using it.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So that it's like they're using this. And then it. You can go back to the person who's not bombarded because they're using it. But it's like less about the fact that they're like going to a new city or traveling. It's like, literally, probably only relevant to show them using it in the room.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: That's a good point, Andy. We have time for one more comment. Does anyone else want to comment about Collab here?
Dave Scott: I think that using using. Oh, I apologize if I interrupted George.
Lilliana Robinson: You're good dude.
Dave Scott: I think that I think the real pain point, and the part that I love about your story is really how it helps the the property owner, and I hope that you find a way to get that through the process like the pulling their hair out, the trying to, you know, trying to monetize this thing.
Dave Scott: you know. Trying not to sort of have it take over their life, I think, is really really important. So, giving that story out, I think, is really, really is really key here.
Dave Scott: in my opinion, more importantly than the the guest one.
Dave Scott: I think you can touch on the guest one. But I think that that you're solving such an acute pain point for
Dave Scott: these property owners.
Florence Ettlin: Okay, sounds good. And anyways, we're connecting about the guest part in the speech itself, like in the pitch. So now we can focus more on the host side. And the video, yeah, that's it. Okay, cool.
Nirat Attri: I've been thinking about it myself, Liliana. Perhaps you can weigh in. I'm I'm thinking about like actually putting in numbers to show the quantitative benefit of the product, because I would feel like, that's something that the investors would be interested in, like people that are buying. The product would also be interested in
Nirat Attri: that. Okay with Anna. This is the amount of time you're spending without. Anna. This is the amount of time you're spending cost money effort, like those kind of statistics if they come up somewhere during the
Nirat Attri: During the story itself, that might actually stick with your target audience, which would be both customers as well as investors. In this case.
Florence Ettlin: Sounds, like.
Lilliana Robinson: Especially for b 2 b, that I think if you guys were on the b 2 b sales yesterday, Burhan from Rhonda, the dentist one, he was saying, how important it is to talk about like he calculated. He saves them 800 k. In revenue per year, depending on the size of their dentist office. And that is a major
Lilliana Robinson: selling point for him, so that if he he did a live demo of like the actual AI product. But if he were going to make a video, that's like explaining the benefits, that's something he would put in there. So I definitely think that's important.
Lilliana Robinson: cool.
Lilliana Robinson: really good feedback on
Lilliana Robinson: all right. Who wants to go next?
George Reed - Noetic: Oh, Dave, yeah, you're good, Dave. It's all good.
Dave Scott: George, I keep harshing your vibe man. Are you sharing.
George Reed - Noetic: No, never! No! Here you go!
Lilliana Robinson: To raise your hand. Dave had to stand up.
Dave Scott: Keep cutting it off.
Dave Scott: Okay, so here's mine. So
Dave Scott: the the script really is an overview script really sort of talks about
Dave Scott: the the why now and the pain point of it all.
Dave Scott: The QA. Is really gonna get into some of the key issues around picture size returns the issue.
Dave Scott: the mentality. And so what I really wanted to focus the video on is really the customer journey. And this is something that has been extremely effective in my fundraising, and I want to get it out, and I think that this is probably the best way for me to do it. My goal for Demo Day is investors, and it'll depend on whether or not that's going to be trying to finish this round or trying to position towards the second round, depending on how successful I am over the next 30 days.
Dave Scott: So the 1 min video is a customer journey, Walkthrough. So the 1st 2 seconds is a smiling woman waving at a camera.
Dave Scott: The voiceover is this is Haley.
Dave Scott: Scene 2 is a zombie will come on the screen and chase her away.
Dave Scott: and the video is she loves zombies.
Dave Scott: and then it'll dissolve to scene 4, which is a 5 second treatment where she's actually playing D and D on the rug when she was young.
Dave Scott: And the vo is. She's also been playing tabletop role, playing games since she was 9 years old.
Dave Scott: Scene 5 is she's she's on the rug, but she's growing up.
Dave Scott: and she's adding friends to the floor as she ages
Dave Scott: and then this is how she built friends stayed connected with friends over the years, and even found her husband.
Dave Scott: And then that's when one of the people who's part of this crowd pulls her away. They dissolve into a church, they get married
Dave Scott: and then the voiceover is she and her husband spend over $500 a year in games, and play every weekend with their friends.
Dave Scott: And then the next scene is a time. Speed up of her playing the game
Dave Scott: after game with their friends over weeks
Dave Scott: and then suffice it to say it's a hobby. It's not a hobby, it's a lifestyle.
Dave Scott: another dissolve.
Dave Scott: 5 seconds devoted towards Haley at a convention table.
Dave Scott: playing everyday heroes with their friends.
Dave Scott: And then what I want to say is at a local gaming convention. She played a zombie game of everyday heroes by evil genius games. And so this is kind of the the part with the jobs to be done, which is like what we found out is, what is that one moment where people realize that they like my system and want to commit to it
Dave Scott: half the people that we interviewed have discovered at a convention.
Dave Scott: and then and then she's back home
Dave Scott: and she's on her computer logging onto our website and purchasing the game in the subscription. So this is where we're gonna cut over to our ux. So you can see how she's going through and buying our game in the 1st place
Dave Scott: she and her husband loved the game, so they purchased a copy and ultimately signed up for a subscription.
Dave Scott: Then we have it where she goes to a split screen where she's calling her friends and recruiting them to play.
Dave Scott: which is going to really tie into the viral component of what we're doing.
Dave Scott: So then she recruits 5 of her friends to play, and invites them onto the platform to make their characters and join her online game.
Dave Scott: and then it'll dissolve to a 10 second, where? She's on
Dave Scott: she's on our system playing the game online
Dave Scott: and basically, they're playing the game online and in one single subscription.
Dave Scott: She got her weekly game up and running, and now spends every weekend killing zombies and surviving the Apocalypse with her buddies, and then each person that's on one of those squares turns into a zombie themselves and then chases her off the screen. And then there's an outro.
Lilliana Robinson: This is really good. My only thing, I would say is at the very end. So you do a good job here, Dave, this is the best. I've seen you. Showing the problem
Lilliana Robinson: like I like that. You said they spent over 500 per year of games. Like talking about how this is like really serious. But there's still a problem. And so now your solution helps. I think, at the end, what's missing is what you showed in that pitch video how there's like a whole community. And it it just kind of legitimized the whole thing. So I almost think, like you could just take the clips from that, not even having them speak, but like flash
Lilliana Robinson: their faces like Brady bunch style on, like, you know, a little like
Lilliana Robinson: grid.
Lilliana Robinson: and maybe like zoom out, and then just show like evil genius. Games like it can literally be like the last 2 seconds, but just showing like she's not alone where it's like.
Lilliana Robinson: This is the story of one. But look, here are like 20 other people who also are on there, and they're all fans, and they all do the same thing. And you know we're going to make this big movement.
Dave Scott: Okay? And you do that sort of at the end. Sort of after scene 12. You do like a
Dave Scott: a launch. You got multiple games going on, showing the size.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I'd cut Scene 12 in half and do that.
Lilliana Robinson: What does everyone else think.
Annie Brown: Haley, a real customer.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Annie Brown: Okay. Then I would make that clear, too, that this isn't just a story
Annie Brown: you made up like the Haley is a real customer.
Nirat Attri: You could throw Haley's gamer tag in there like right next to her name when you introduce, so that.
Dave Scott: I was actually even thinking about like having her have a video where at the end, actually, it's her and her husband. And they're waving and like like it's a it's the real picture of her, because this is gonna be animated.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, the whole thing will be animated. That kind of changes, things.
Dave Scott: It's the only way I can get the whole story pulled together. There's no way I don't have a budget, for like.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, maybe show the little animated her, and then like, have it like Pop, and then have her actually her, and just be like.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Make it clear like this was her the whole time. We just showed her story. And like, and she's not alone there like. Join the community of
Lilliana Robinson: thousands of evil geniuses something like that.
Dave Scott: Yeah, I could either do it up here, or I could actually start with a picture of her. And then I could actually turn that picture into an animated version.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, do that. So that people know, because most people when they see this stuff like investors, we're just kind of tired. And we see all of the animation we just assume. It's not a real person. If you're not using a real person like we assume it's not a real customer. So.
Lilliana Robinson: showing that it is is really helpful.
Annie Brown: And one thing about animation, I would say, is the animator that you're working to use. See if they'll
Annie Brown: if they're able to do a style that's a little different than the majority of the animated explainer videos. Because there's there's a very specific specific style that, like like comes up. But, like, you know, cartoon styles have. There's millions infinite ways to do cartoons. So I would say, try to find a unique style, so that even if
Annie Brown: it's a animated video. It looks unique.
Annie Brown: and you might even be able to bring in some of the evil genius game branding into that style.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you have time and budget to develop? This is Neritz question.
Dave Scott: So if if I don't follow Annie's advice, I do, it's it's between 2 to $600 to do this. If I have to get a unique animator. It's gonna cost more money.
Annie Brown: You might be able to find someone that's at least a little bit unique on on fire. But yeah, I I understand that.
Dave Scott: But they all look the same. You're 100% right, Annie.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Annie Brown: If I had more time I'd draw it for you, Dave.
Dave Scott: I love it.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks, Dave. I'm excited to see this.
Dave Scott: Thanks guys.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool moving right along.
Lilliana Robinson: Who's next, George? You were next.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, I'm happy to go if it's all good with everyone else. And yeah, Flo, did you see my link in the chat?
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, I think that would help
George Reed - Noetic: It's not good.
George Reed - Noetic: entire screen.
George Reed - Noetic: Alright, everyone can see.
George Reed - Noetic: So at the moment like, this is the a little storyboard I've got going. And I'm trying to. I'm thinking of doing a a simple demo and having a real client with sort of a Selfie video testimonial kind of
George Reed - Noetic: present throughout and sort of walking us through. This is how he's using it.
George Reed - Noetic: And then, maybe somehow contrasting that with the the alternative, like existing substitutes. I'm not really sure how to that. Exactly.
George Reed - Noetic: But yeah. And then it's I think that because Lion asked this earlier with Morgan, what's the purpose? I think same as Morgan. It's a dual purpose.
George Reed - Noetic: I'd like to see if there are any potential clients in the audience, and I'll be able to share that video with potential clients could and then also investors gonna launch the round once we get to a certain number. So dual purpose as well.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah. So I think, running through a simple demo. And then
George Reed - Noetic: I've previously made the video. I won't. I won't go through the whole thing. But you know I've got like.
George Reed - Noetic: if anyone has advice on these like canva videos, if anyone's done it like fiver people who can come and help with that to improve it. That would be cool. But yeah, Liliana has seen this before, I think, on the application.
George Reed - Noetic: So maybe keep the budget down. Keep it in here because they're quite. They're quite decent.
George Reed - Noetic: aesthetically. But
George Reed - Noetic: yeah, so.
George Reed - Noetic: yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: yeah, creating the existing, creating a sub with an existing client.
George Reed - Noetic: distributing it like showing the whole process. And then
George Reed - Noetic: basically, that's it. So anyone has questions or feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you repeat your goal? What it? I know you just said it.
George Reed - Noetic: Same as Morgan. So
George Reed - Noetic: potential clients and investors in the audience so.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
George Reed - Noetic: So I'm not sure what the Cta is going to be there, but
George Reed - Noetic: that's what needs to be figured out
George Reed - Noetic: in the next couple of weeks.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you click command plus
Lilliana Robinson: a couple of times.
George Reed - Noetic: Month plus oh, right right.
Lilliana Robinson: Similar to your classmates wouldn't be great. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm gonna open it up to the room. What do people think? Do do you guys think that investors will understand if we keep it kind of this technical, does it need to be more high level because George is also kind of trying to attract clients. What do you guys think.
Florence Ettlin: Just a question towards, she said that you would want to have an actual customer us through the steps of creating a survey, getting the responses. All of that. Is that correct?
George Reed - Noetic: Hmm, yeah,
Florence Ettlin: I think that actually helps in making it understandable for potential.
Florence Ettlin: I think that is really, really a good idea and showing the journey as well. So I would say to Liliana's comment, I think that would help people to understand it, even though it's you know, it might be technical. So I think that's a good good idea to start with.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, I think a lot of us could do that right. To make it feel more real. Cause.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, even if it's just like someone who's a demo user, a trial user. You guys could probably do that, too, right with Anna.
George Reed - Noetic: are you still doing, Anna? Is it still.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, you are, of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah. For us, it would be probably just a testimonial at the end. But yeah, for.
George Reed - Noetic: And and.
Florence Ettlin: Journey, because it's the person that's using it. I think that's really good.
George Reed - Noetic: Be.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, thanks.
George Reed - Noetic: I don't need to take too long of this as well. If anyone Morgan.
George Reed - Noetic: hey.
Morgan Stanton: My only comment was,
George Reed - Noetic: Hmm.
Morgan Stanton: As kind of like a generalist like to to feel the pain of like. The problem might be doing that already in the intro pitch. But to like, be like, yeah, this really sucks somewhere somewhere in the intro or like. And this is how we're gonna solve it. Kind of thing.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah.
Morgan Stanton: Like I like, cause that can't be as technical right? That's like kind of an emotional like
George Reed - Noetic: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Dominique.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Hey? Yeah, I was. Gonna say, I mean, you clearly put a lot of thought into this. So that's awesome to see.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: I think. Of course, there's always a balance right between how technical you go. But I think as long as you explain
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: that, like, Morgan said, I love her idea like explain the pain. And the, you know, like the
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: kind of the the enormous problem that there is in the pitch. I actually quite like that. Your video is going to be more about like the beasty product and technical. But it's not going to be for everyone in the audience like, who cares like, know who you're speaking to? That's also like a balance we've had. So
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: I personally really like it.
George Reed - Noetic: Cool thanks. And how's everyone doing the actual production of the videos? Are people like trying to produce
George Reed - Noetic: and bring in a like
George Reed - Noetic: a designer to help or fully produce.
George Reed - Noetic: Dave, you said you're gonna go for like an animated, outsourcing right?
George Reed - Noetic: Is anyone trying
George Reed - Noetic: trying this kind of thing with canva.
George Reed - Noetic: Has anyone tried it before.
Lilliana Robinson: Have done canva in the past.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah.
Florence Ettlin: We'll do it in house. Yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: And.
Florence Ettlin: There is this stock. I don't know if you want any videos. But there's a stock video site called
Florence Ettlin: Envato. I think it's called.
George Reed - Noetic: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Florence Ettlin: And unsplash. Is it? Just photos? That's mostly photos. Well, yeah, could. Maybe if you wanted photos as well, unsplash is really good. Yeah, but probably just mix a lot of stock images together. Yeah, perfect.
George Reed - Noetic: Video.
Florence Ettlin: Stock footage, and Barto is really really great, and they have a free trial. So you can sign up and just
Florence Ettlin: much material that you might want to make it dynamic if you want that. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: I always say I really don't think you guys should spend more than a thousand dollars on this. Most people end up spending a few couple of 100
Lilliana Robinson: like
Lilliana Robinson: people only get closer to one K, if it's like, they know they're gonna use it for their website and for this thing. And for this thing like they have a bunch of reasons that they would need it. Anyway.
Lilliana Robinson: a couple 100
Lilliana Robinson: bucks like at Max. Maybe maybe someone on. Fiverr is like helping you do a bit of the design or something, and you're throwing.
George Reed - Noetic: You know.
Lilliana Robinson: They're on canva. That's what most people do.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, okay, cool. Alright. That's what I reckon I'll do, too. Well, thanks everyone. I'll leave it to someone else.
Lilliana Robinson: Cogniscope.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And
Çoruh | CogniScope: let me share the screen.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yes.
Çoruh | CogniScope: so just to clarify 1st the
Çoruh | CogniScope: purple rectangles are the like the idea of what will happen. And like this, bubbles are the narrations. Yeah. So we see a person behind the
Çoruh | CogniScope: computer screen. And we see that he's a like computer
Çoruh | CogniScope: community manager, sorry community manager. And like we, we hear, okay, here's Eddie. He's a Cm. In a gaming studio. He reads. He has to read lots of feedback daily and like report to his product manager.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And afterwards we see the computer screen and on the computer screen, it says, like more combat, less action or less action, more strategy, make it harder or make this games too hard. So there are like diverse and like contrasting feedback.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And we hear that the community has a lot to say from lots of different channels, and there's no consensus. Eddie can't decide which comments to consider.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and on the next one the player fed feedback is everywhere. But how do you make sense of it all? So Eddie is frustrated and confused because he can't choose which.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Things to like make a report of.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And now to the
Çoruh | CogniScope: cogniscope solution. So enter cogniscope, psychology-based AI engine that connects your community channels.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I have this idea. The wheel comes and swoops the comments, and then it analyzes your players feedback into from different sources to uncover their true motives and desires. So we see the motion in the motivations, behavior, patterns, and characteristics like your list more categorized.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and our AI digs deeper to help you understand every type of player, whether it's a casual one or a hardcore one.
Çoruh | CogniScope: So we see like something like this, the combat seeker, and, like the quotes they have, I need a challenge. Socializer can't go with my allies and explorer. Give me a good story to define different types of players, and after that
Çoruh | CogniScope: we see Eddie giving out of another form to a product manager. They're both happy. So it says, Eddie can now understand the community, and with this report Pm's can confidently choose which path to take. Keep players coming back for more. So here are like suggestions, stuff like that, like explorers love Dlcs and combat seekers like challenges. Socializers don't want this, that.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and afterwards we see the gamers and communities are also happy while playing the game and cogniscope with cogniscope. You can de-risk decisions and build games that players truly love, and then unlock through player engagement with cogniscope, and, like the logo, shows up and stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: I think some data might be helpful, like, kind of what Ne near was asking about. Like, you're you're not just de-risking the decision. I know you were asking this in the sales thing yesterday, so maybe you don't have any. But.
Çoruh | CogniScope: You're welcome.
Lilliana Robinson: How like, how much are you helping them in that? Where you're saying, like with cognizant, we do risk decisions by X percent or something I don't know. I just think it's lacking a little bit of data. But this is really good. What is your goal for Demo Day.
Çoruh | CogniScope: We want to attract more customers.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And we want to expand our network.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And
Çoruh | CogniScope: yeah, they.
Lilliana Robinson: In that case. Yeah, I think you do need to kind of quantify a little bit how you're helping, just because it's b 2 b that can help them like, justify like, Oh, this is sounds like a nice to have. Or if you give them the actual data they're like, Oh, I need to have that.
Lilliana Robinson: What does everyone else think.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Hmm.
Çoruh | CogniScope: maybe as quantifying, starting from like. At least they don't spend that much time.
Çoruh | CogniScope: It's like a nice starting point, because we we found out that
Çoruh | CogniScope: 1 3, rd if, like
Çoruh | CogniScope: nearly 1 3rd of their time, is spent on just reading and trying to make sense of it.
Lilliana Robinson: There you go.
Lilliana Robinson: So get a 3rd of your time back. Yeah, I mean, that's huge. That's huge. Let's let's take 2 comments from the group.
Talitha: So I have a comment here, for I think your note number 2, I think it was. Perhaps what you could do is like, have all of these one comment starting, and then like lots of different comments coming up, taking over the whole screen. And then you could say, like a number like 500,000, or like the number of comments these people have to deal with on a monthly basis on a weekly basis. So it quantifies like how much of a workload they're dealing with, as well.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, good idea. Yeah.
Çoruh | CogniScope: we have should act. We actually have some numbers.
Dave Scott: Show how overwhelming it is.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I'm sorry.
Dave Scott: How overwhelming the comments are, you know. Just they show up, and I take over the screen.
Lilliana Robinson: Make us, feel.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, there are 30,000 every day. Kinda yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Every single one of you has like. There's an emotional part of this. So like Number 3 is the emotional component, and we should feel that we should be like, Wow, that's a lot very similar to Collab. It's like, Oh, I see that they're overwhelmed.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, anything else? One more from the group.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, this is really solid, cognitive. I think you guys are good to go ahead and start making this. I can't wait to see it. I can keep giving you feedback once you have, like a actual draft of the video
Lilliana Robinson: cool. Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: All right. Very nice presentation as well.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, Javio.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah.
Fabio Caironi: let's try it.
Fabio Caironi: Can you guys see my screen?
Fabio Caironi: Yep.
Fabio Caironi: cool.
Fabio Caironi: yeah. So I just have a
Fabio Caironi: a quick storyboard.
Fabio Caironi: So I'm planning to get this done by a
Fabio Caironi: design agency. And like
Fabio Caironi: specialize in videos that I have collaborated with in the past, you know, from Italy.
Fabio Caironi: and
Fabio Caironi: my goals are
Fabio Caironi: 1st of all to get the audience aware of the space and the problems, because there's no way I can throw this in the middle of
Fabio Caironi: a a general audience without
Fabio Caironi: making them aware of
Fabio Caironi: where is our solution? Positioning?
Fabio Caironi: so? And and then the second goal is to create excitement about our solution.
Lilliana Robinson: So what is like desired outcome because both of those are good. But they're kind of like vague like, what do you want to happen as a result of those 2 things. Do you want to.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, no, it's more of like this is just for the product demo but for the whole demo day yeah, I mean for the whole, like with the pitch and the Qa. The the goal would be to
Fabio Caironi: announcing our our fundraising round. So kicking off
Fabio Caironi: calls with investors so inviting investors to jump on call and
Fabio Caironi: and
Fabio Caironi: getting new signups for Demos
Fabio Caironi: with customers.
Lilliana Robinson: All right.
Fabio Caironi: So. But the product Demo is is pretty.
Fabio Caironi: I mean, there's a lot of content. So.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, maybe just take like 30 seconds to tell us
Lilliana Robinson: the high level.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah. Yeah. So 1st of all, educate the audience about service containers.
Fabio Caironi: This is going to be very like
Fabio Caironi: simple. It's like a
Fabio Caironi: an icebreaker just not to start with. You know the problem of choosing between performance and ease of configuration. So I I just want to start off by saying, Hey, you know, cloud computing is actually a big space. So let's talk. Let's zoom in
Fabio Caironi: and let's see what the pass is, and like quickly explain what is it
Fabio Caironi: meant for?
Fabio Caironi: And yeah, what what space look like. So I already have a image in mind, and people can feel like a little dazzled, a little confused about it. But I'll make sure I keep it simple. So they immediately understand. Okay, he's doing cloud computing. And then, if there are any technical, they'll say, Oh, okay, he's doing service containers. So
Fabio Caironi: that's a goal. Then another 20 seconds to explain the actual problem. So I think this is more digestible, like, it's
Fabio Caironi: people have to choose between performance and ease of implementation.
Fabio Caironi: so they can't have both. They have to make trade-offs.
Fabio Caironi: and they'll end up like having an infrastructure which is weak, or spend too much time optimizing their back end before they even make money.
Fabio Caironi: And and alongside with that I want to showcase the inside of a startup
Fabio Caironi: running out of credit and and realizing their infrastructure sucks. And so they have to do something about it. So like a quick animation, someone like
Fabio Caironi: looking at a screen
Fabio Caironi: going crazy.
Fabio Caironi: And and then bytene solution benefits. So this is gonna be pretty straightforward. We'll bring together, you know, benefits that I mentioned before, but in the same platform. So you don't have to choose.
Fabio Caironi: And finally,
Fabio Caironi: explain a couple of end to end. Practical practical success. Use cases. So
Fabio Caironi: show showing what this means for 2 types of customers, one
Fabio Caironi: like a consumer intelligence platform and another one a text image platform.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I think the most important thing out of all these bullet points is byte night solution and benefits, and the fact that it's only 15 seconds. I think it needs to be longer, and you should cut time from other sections.
Fabio Caironi: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Explaining
Lilliana Robinson: and even less explaining your solution. But your benefits. So you're like, okay, here's what the competitors do like when people don't use the solution. Our solution is X,
Lilliana Robinson: and here are the benefits. And I think it needs to be longer than 15 seconds. So I would even spend less time, on
Lilliana Robinson: everything that comes before that.
Fabio Caironi: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: And really highlight that that should be like the core of the video.
Fabio Caironi: absolutely.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm curious what the room thinks, because Fabio's whole point here is to
Lilliana Robinson: show this to people who may not exactly understand the depths of his business. So does this resonate with everyone here.
Kevin Su: Yeah, I think as someone that isn't technical, either. My 1st concern is like, if you can get through explaining it fully and having people understand in the 1520 seconds you allowed it on the
Kevin Su: on the bottom part of the presentation.
Kevin Su: obviously, I've been working here for weeks, so I know now, but I think
Kevin Su: people that have are just hearing this for the 1st time might not. I'm like, I'm skeptical. If you can get through the information that you want to in like 20 seconds or 15 seconds that you have planned.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, this is a lot to pack in 1 min. I'm very interested
Lilliana Robinson: if you'll be able to do it.
Fabio Caironi: This, this.
Sezer: Company.
Fabio Caironi: Oh, go ahead! Sorry.
Sezer: Yeah, I have a question about at this point, like, since Fabio has a quite technical product.
Sezer: like, does he need to care about everyone understanding or he should care about more. People who should understand should understand all this.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, he doesn't need to, but he put that as one of his goals.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah. The the reason why is I want to make this editable reusable, and I don't want to make it simple. But I want an icebreaker, so that anybody
Fabio Caironi: can kind of psych themselves into thinking they understand that. And then the actual people that understand that they're actually,
Fabio Caironi: you know, benefit from all the topics I'm talking about, but the other folks will lose their attention. So my goal is like maximize the attention so that also will come with
Fabio Caironi: you know, a very good animation, and
Fabio Caironi: again, some
Fabio Caironi: some scenes that are relatable, you know, nice interfaces and animations that
Fabio Caironi: people can relate with. So yeah.
Fabio Caironi: it's gotta be
Fabio Caironi: shareable.
Annie Brown: Yeah. And like, I think I forget who
Annie Brown: mentioned this. But but somebody said, You don't need to like your video doesn't have to speak to everybody, you know. If you've got a goal of who you want to speak to.
Annie Brown: you can narrow it to them.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. So I'm thinking of our customers as our
Fabio Caironi: main target for this video.
Fabio Caironi: So
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I'm I'm gonna green light this. But I think you should be prepared to have to pivot. I think you should quickly try and put together a draft for this. So we can see if it's like too smushed if it really makes sense
Lilliana Robinson: to try and educate everyone while you're also trying to explain the benefits to the people who do understand?
Lilliana Robinson: So just be prepared to need to pivot. I think we should try this.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, absolutely. So one thing I'll try to do is is, keep these 2 sections.
Fabio Caironi: Here are the 1st 2 ones as short as possible. So it's it's kind of just like,
Fabio Caironi: you know, it's like when you drop a PIN in the in the word maps. I I need to tell my audience
Fabio Caironi: what are, what space are we building in but
Fabio Caironi: can do it.
Lilliana Robinson: I just. I'm worried about the time constraint. So.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, we'll see. Once.
Lilliana Robinson: It in real life, and then we'll see.
Lilliana Robinson: But this is good. It's well thought out.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Annie, I'm I'm gonna have to time, Cap, you guys, so that we can finish because we still have about 6 people and near it, if you don't have anything to present, you don't have to right now, and you can always just follow up with our team
Lilliana Robinson: after.
Lilliana Robinson: Go ahead, Amy.
Annie Brown: Okay, are you seeing my demo? Video storyboard thread?
Annie Brown: Okay, great. So my ask at the top is that folks, if you're comfortable with it. Add what you've been sharing here to this thread, because I've been learning a lot from everybody, and it'd be nice to dive in a little bit deeper. So so basically.
Annie Brown: just for context, we created a video for our screening committee for techstars, application. And I liked how it came out. So we're actually gonna kind of use
Annie Brown: a similar framework. But you know, given how our products developed and what we've learned in techstars really bringing more customer focus to it. So basically.
Annie Brown: actually starting with ozaz our 1st customer talking about
Annie Brown: why, this is such a problem. And she's agreed to be in the video. She's super passionate about this, and has a really great story about how she's
Annie Brown: looked for solutions. And and you know why it's limiting. So it's best to come from her.
Annie Brown: And then, continuing her narration on why, she decided to use, reliable as we do an overview of the how we're implementing this for oza. So essentially the example will actually be
Annie Brown: her customers labeling their skin tone on a monk scale and then selecting skin concerns that they have, and then it it explains
Annie Brown: to the audience
Annie Brown: kind of how reliable works. I kind of want to make this a simple 1, 2, 3,
Annie Brown: and then
Annie Brown: going back to a customer testimonial. I have to ask DM. If they would be willing to do a custom testimonial. But I want to get at least 2. And then going into the DM example, which actually we already have some
Annie Brown: screens in here, sort of what it would look like.
Annie Brown: And then
Annie Brown: possibly, if we have time, I think it'd be cool to show
Annie Brown: our annotations versus the competitors annotations. But I'm also thinking we might put this on our slide. That's behind
Annie Brown: when we're doing the
Annie Brown: Q&A,
Annie Brown: and then the big slide, which I'm hoping will kind of be like a wow. Moment would
Annie Brown: be owzaz cause. She said, this multiple times in our calls. So basically saying, like, because we're using reliable. And because of the approach that we're taking with annotation
Annie Brown: we've been approached by. I don't think they can say, Nvidia, but basically we've been approached by a fortune. 50 company to purchase our skin tone model, and then at the end kind of have a big vision tagline. So where? So the tagline at the beginning will be kind of our go to market strategy, but the tagline at the end will be
Annie Brown: a bit of our bigger vision.
Lilliana Robinson: I love this.
Lilliana Robinson: My favorite part is the
Lilliana Robinson: desired outcome you helped Ozaz get like I mean, you can't get much ta more tangible than that. That's awesome. I really don't have any notes. I just want to see it so that I can give you like more tactical critiques like these little things, but the concept here I completely sign off on we'll take like one or 2 comments, but I honestly don't think there's much to workshop here. I'm pretty happy with this.
Lilliana Robinson: What does everyone else think?
Lilliana Robinson: I also had a chance to read this before? That's why I already had my.
Annie Brown: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Everyone agrees.
Annie Brown: When I put some notes down here about.
Annie Brown: you know things that I wanna make sure
Annie Brown: I pull out from it. As we're developing the video. But
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, wait, go back to those I read those. I think those are applicable to almost everyone here. Like, keep it simple. Focus on the solution impact from the customer perspective how it impacts the bottom line of a customer's business and a wow moment like some results for the customer. I mean those are huge pointers for everybody here. This is kind of what I'm trying to get all of you to do. So I completely agree.
Annie Brown: Great.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. Thanks. Annie.
Lilliana Robinson: All right. Next is Monica.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I just mocked it in Powerpoint because it that's the format I'm used to. So the purpose of this would be
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): for demo Day specifically. But if the production value is high enough, I may replace the animated explainer video on our website with this one. It just depends cause that one's solid. But it is more feature focus where this is more benefits focused, based on jobs to be done. And so the purpose would be to explain
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): in higher resolution, like what the solution does, because in my pitch I don't focus so much on the details of the solution. I just speak to it at a very high level.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So I guess it would start with.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): and and this is comprised of like random slides from my sales and investor decks.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I just start with this kind of screen introducing the company and what the platform does at a high level.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And then just a brief recap of the problem which I do mention in the pitch so kind of similar to what Morgan was thinking like having these reports kind of flash on the screen.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And then this kind of drilling down a bit into the problem and saying that you know the lack of good technology combined with the business model is what is contributing towards the lengthy clinical trial timelines
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): and then introducing our solution, have to change like the visuals here. I don't have an idea for
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): really what to put on the screen, but that would be the purpose of the next scene. And then here the 3 very high level benefits. So you'd get the line of sight across the portfolio. And that's what most solutions provide. But we're also providing automation. So you have time to actually act on those insights, whereas you're not just getting insights. And then 3rd high level benefit is alignment between
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): the executive program and frontline clinical trial team. Because again, those other solutions are not really doing that well. And then each time I mentioned a high level benefit like, you know, go into a little more detail with the voice over, and then flash an actual screenshot from the application.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I'm open to more creative ideas.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And then here, going a little bit more into the app automation like flashing all of the areas in which it's automating tasks across the trial.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And then here's a differentiation slide it gets into like how we're different from competitors. I don't know if that's important or it should be cut and just ending on something like this, but maybe look better looking. So yeah, that's what I have so far.
Lilliana Robinson: I like this, Monica. I can. You remind me of your goal?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah. So the goal would be to be investor facing specifically for demo day or distributing this video to other investors. But if it's good enough, like, if the production quality is high enough, I will replace this.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I, I will replace the current animated explainer video on our website. So then this will become client facing right, but it has to be better than what I have now. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's like, that's a good example of like where it may be justified to spend a little bit more if you like. That's you have, like these 2 other places that are like high leverage that you might use it. So that's a really good example.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. What does everyone else think.
Annie Brown: One thing that came to mind when you were talking about the like.
Annie Brown: how to visualize some of this stuff. I think the like
Annie Brown: at the beginning, having like animations or videos, are just like kind of drudging through things. And then, like, you can actually animate that speeding up
Annie Brown: with with animations. Because, like or yeah, because that's the kind of feeling. If that's like the key value, you can communicate that through like animations to like speeding things up.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, yeah, that's interesting.
Lilliana Robinson: One or 2 more comments here.
Nirat Attri: I think it was one of the same challenges which I was thinking about. Like, how technical
Nirat Attri: should we be keeping the demo video from a demo day standpoint, because I mean, it's
Nirat Attri: I mean, it's pretty unlikely that you would have anybody in the audience that understands a lot of these things. That was like my challenge as well.
Nirat Attri: So I started off with a similar kind of
Nirat Attri: like storyboard. And then I was like, I'm not going to have any doctors in the audience, perhaps.
Nirat Attri: So
Nirat Attri: I mean, that's my I mean, I'm again. I'm not. I'm not criticizing. I'm just like looking for thoughts and feedback on it.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I think everyone can relate to like. I try to keep it high level, like.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): you know, you don't know. So maybe get a little specific like, know what's happening across your trial portfolio? How many subjects have you enrolled? How many sites have you activated? So make that more concrete? And then, when the study team, the like, the sea level doesn't understand what's going on with the trial, and the study team is scrambling to inform them. That's like a universal thing, and then automation is a universal thing. So keep it very high, level and
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): and and, and, as Annie said, like, really illustrate things being slow communication, not really getting across to other people.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): It's not very technical. It's more like project operational stuff.
Nirat Attri: I'm just like these terminologies which flash up like you mentioned sites like you mentioned sites you mentioned like Cros, and like these professionals, the the ones that are actually like running the trials and stuff I'm just like.
Nirat Attri: personally, like, I'm not not talking about you. I'm just like larger feedback thing like I'm just
Nirat Attri: concerned that nobody knows what they are.
Nirat Attri: because, like either, after time, like hearing these terminologies, you become used to it. But then you actually put it out. And then you realize nobody actually.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, it's true. It's a concern like who knows? Right? And it may confuse them more like sites. And they may start like thinking, what's a site like, who cares? Number of patients? Yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): we'll see.
Lilliana Robinson: I think this could be really good, Monica. I'm excited to see how it comes together.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay. Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I don't have many other points. I think this is good and very well thought out
Lilliana Robinson: to my Chinese.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? Who was next in our list. Nick, Nick is next Krim. I didn't see your message. Do you have something to share
Lilliana Robinson: for Snapchat?
Lilliana Robinson: Do you want to be added to the queue. It's okay. If you don't have anything.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: No, I don't have anything.
Lilliana Robinson: That's all good. So Karim and Neerit will connect separately.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. So we'll do, Nick, and then we'll do Dominique.
Nicholas Li: Cool. Yeah. Our objective is mainly just to build excitement, but also like to talk about the difference between us. And like, I guess other AI tech products. Our idea is to be very like user focused, we want to do a split screen, the one of them being a student with us, and one just a normal student going through. Ib, we are still kind of deciding between. If we want to do animation or like going to my old high school and just getting like 2 drama kids
Nicholas Li: to like do this with us. But the idea is, how do I present?
Nicholas Li: Yeah, we start with 2 Ib kids, one on the left, which is stressed out. They're in like a rush. They're disorganized. And they're like, we just want to showcase like they're just like completely overwhelmed. And on the right, they're like.
Nicholas Li: refresh. And they're like, kind of have their stuff together, and they know what they're doing. And
Nicholas Li: we might just have a logo with, like the tutoring page that they're using us and then.
Nicholas Li: after we we also wanna make sure that we include the fact that they're going to tutoring centers to make it clear that we're not trying to replace tutors. So both kids will go to tutoring centers. and again, like
Nicholas Li: the one on the right, will be using our product, and only need to like bring their laptop. Where's the left of like a bunch of random textbooks and stuff? And then we're gonna spend like 2025 seconds on the actual product. And highlight like what
Nicholas Li: the 2, the 2 main features, basically, and how we can give them like really specialized feedback.
Nicholas Li: And then we're gonna end it with like
Nicholas Li: late at night. The kid on the left is still like studying, and they're still trying to forget their stuff out, whereas a kid on the right they're like, you know, they finish their assigned questions on tutor me. And now they're just chilling with their parents.
Lilliana Robinson: So what is your goal, Nick?
Nicholas Li: Yeah. Just to like.
Nicholas Li: I guess, build excitement, but also like to
Nicholas Li: talk about how we want to approach like AI and education and not give them answers, but like focus on feedback and stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: And what? So that's for the video. But what is your goal to get out of Demo Day.
Nicholas Li: I guess, similar to what Fabio had, which was just build excitement, and like, talk about the problem because we're not fundraising.
Lilliana Robinson: You're not fundraising. You may.
Lilliana Robinson: through the grapevine, find some customers right. If someone it resonates with or they have a friend it resonates with. But it's a lot more about getting like backers. Kind of is what.
Kevin Su: We might sorry, Liliana. We might ask for introductions to like tutoring centers
Kevin Su: larger, like right before, like actual school type institutions. So if anyone Crown knows that that may be one of our asks, but not like an extent, not fundraising specifically.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: okay? And when you guys chatted after our call on Monday, did you decide
Lilliana Robinson: if you want to go after the tutors? Because this is very much tailored towards student and parent.
Kevin Su: Yeah.
Kevin Su: and if you feel, add on we, we've decided that. Well, we're doing Jtbds with tutors right now. I think, Penny, the results of that. But now we're just in a little bit of a time, crunch depending on what we hear from tutors. We might. This storyboard might change completely. But right now you're right. It's geared towards the original b 2 c towards students.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, especially if your goal is for like people outside of the customer base to just understand and like, get behind you. That makes sense. But if you decide that you're going to take it in a different direction, you will have to change the video, or else it'll just be outdated.
Nicholas Li: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. So just like, keep that in the back of your mind as you're working on this, maybe don't overly invest capital into this video.
Lilliana Robinson: because you guys have kind of a different circumstance.
Nicholas Li: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. What does the group think
Lilliana Robinson: any comments for? Tutor me.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: I really like oh, go ahead!
Nirat Attri: No, please go first.st I put mines in the chat actually. So.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Well, considering we're not best friends anymore. No, I was just gonna say, I really, for me, I really like that. You've just focused on the benefit of the product and showed life without it, and life with, I think, that really emphasizes the value of chew to me, and it's a little bit like.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: I know you're not fundraising. But it's like, Neil was saying, it's just confident, like, yeah, this is our product. And this is the benefit it brings, it's really relatable for everyone to understand. So yeah, I really like it. And I love your idea as well that you mentioned to potentially go
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: and film with some drama kids from your school. I think that would be so authentic. So I really like that idea.
Nicholas Li: Thank you.
Dave Scott: But, on the other hand, there's a lot of variability to it, like depending on the it adds complexity to your execution by bringing in drama kids. So.
Nicholas Li: Yeah, we'll see how that.
Dave Scott: It might have creative differences. It might have, you know. Just just be aware.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: I was a drama, kid, so I'm like, Go for it.
Kevin Su: I guess one question for the group. Nick, can you go back to the 1020 second mark?
Kevin Su: Yeah.
Kevin Su: I wonder if we're spending too much time like
Kevin Su: story like setting the stage. I wonder if we can get into that earlier? We spent, like.
Kevin Su: you know, essentially a 3rd of the video setting up this like scene of one stressed out girl, one non stressed out girl. I wonder if we should just make that like simplify that a little bit and just get more into the actual
Kevin Su: product. What does the group think.
Lilliana Robinson: I was thinking, that's a great point, Kevin. And honestly, most of you had this problem so pretty much. Everyone who has presented except a couple of you who aren't going through like a a narrative. You guys spent too much time on exposition. You're gonna either lose people because it's like you're not cutting to the point fast enough, or you're losing time. Where, like you could use that valuable, those valuable seconds to say something that is going to resonate with people, but instead, you're wasting it. So you want to cut to the chase as quickly as possible.
Nicholas Li: Okay.
Kevin Su: That makes sense for for our case. Does this feel like we're spending too much time on.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, for the expert. Yeah, 20 seconds is a 3rd of the video that, like, honestly, the whole story could be 20 seconds. And then you could talk about other things.
Lilliana Robinson: I would just.
Lilliana Robinson: There's ways to make it clear in like one or 2 seconds, exactly the same thing as what's on this slide.
Lilliana Robinson: The narrative is good. I'm just saying your your time allocations are off.
Lilliana Robinson: You should think of it as like like when I see people allocate the seconds of their video or the seconds of their pitch. You should really think of it as literally like you're investing money into different pieces of the
Lilliana Robinson: of the segment.
Lilliana Robinson: What is the most important like? I just went through that with Fabio. He had only 15 seconds allocated for the most important part. What byte night does and what benefits it gives. That means that it's only like 25% of your video like, that's how important it is. Probably not. That's probably like half
Lilliana Robinson: half of your video. That's how important that is. So same for you.
Lilliana Robinson: That's how you guys should think about allocating the time.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I something to say? Maybe at this part like by this part I mean, like comparing the 2 things where 2 through me is in or not, where you can use like split screen and like, do narrative. So maybe you can save time.
Çoruh | CogniScope: else it can be like maybe a shorter and like you can clearly see the 2 scenarios where you're in or not.
Lilliana Robinson: Good plan.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. So I think you guys have directives.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's go to Dominique.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Yeah, cool. Hi, everyone. So
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: let me just share my screen. So this isn't storyboarded yet, or mocked up. I'll explain why. But we've got
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: basically, we're gonna share our ideation that we
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: have been working through, which is just a word, Doc, it's not sexy. That is not the right
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: thing that I'm sharing
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: what is happening to my zoom.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: my zoom, my zoom, yeah, I'm gonna.
Lilliana Robinson: We we can see it.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Yeah, you can see the word.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, from point 2 to point 6. That's what we see.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: You can see this. So it's
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: says option.
Lilliana Robinson: It looks frozen, though.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Yeah, let me. Maybe
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: I don't wanna eat into time. My zoom's like completely frozen.
Lilliana Robinson: Stop your sharing. Does that help.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Keep sharing. I'll hop out and hop back in, and you can.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, you're the last one, so we'll just wait here.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Let's try. Yeah, let me try again.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: My mouse is now wiggling.
Lilliana Robinson: You can also talk it through without showing if it really doesn't work.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: The computer is burnt out.
Lilliana Robinson: It's there! There we go!
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: You can see that. Okay, cool. So maybe just within through this. So
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: we're still working through our ideation. But I think we're pretty happy with where we're at.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: of course, depending on feedback. But what the next step for us would be now is to really storyboard and mock this out. So then we can see exactly how much time we're spending and whether we can quickly cut to the chase. So
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: to give you some background initially, our 1st ideas were around. Okay, we need to emphasize this big problem statement. You might remember in the pitch. But Troy, really speaking about the great wealth transfer and why this matters. But then we realized, actually, we can tackle this in our pitch and faqs, and it's too fluffy. So then, really, we moved on to thinking about, okay, well, what is the big
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: like under underlying problem for these banks, which is around the cost of compliance? And how much?
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: how much money is lost, like we're talking billions each year if they don't have compliant content. But then we thought, Okay, no, this has gone now too much like we're a compliance tool. So where we're at now is really this blended approach. So we're very quickly put to the chase. We do want to tie back to the millennial
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: wealth transfer. The reason being is that is what differentiates our output and what differentiates us at looney? 8
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: But then we want to speak more about what the cost of compliance is, and the traditional content processes. So to produce one piece of market insights content, it can take up to 5 days. So by the time it gets out it's no longer relevant, and if there's mistakes there, compliance fees alone in the us are around 50 million a year for banks. So that's why it's really scary for them to write this
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: highly relevant content that millennials need. So it ties it back into that process, whereas looney 8, it's compliant, driven content. And we can get that out in one day. And so we want to really show how that process seamlessly works the fact that it's automated compliance. It's highly relevant content. It's engaging. We don't need to hammer on about millennials because we've already spoken about that in the pitch and the FAQ
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: we were toying with, whether we
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: include a testimonial, whether that's from a bank, or whether that's from a millennial investor, because we've spoken to a few millennials that are really keen
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: to like get involved and help us. And they're really really passionate about getting financial advice from expert humans, but through digital content. So it's some nice opportunities. But again, it depends how much we can get into this storyboard in the time in terms of our goal for
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: demo day and who we're targeting. So we're really just focused on customers. We don't want to mention that we are raising. So we want it to be understandable. But at the same time this will speak to the people that that matters and understand it in the audience. So that's that's.
Lilliana Robinson: Where we're at
Lilliana Robinson: your call to action at the end of the QA. Is going to be like, if you know financial advisors refer them to us. Is it going to be something like that?
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Correct. Okay, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So I would say, I know you guys are like close to closing some customers. I would say, number 5 can be swapped for a very like brief 5 to 7 second testimonial from a customer.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: You get a customer that then, has a desired outcome in the time that we have, which is really short, for someone to like sign on and have the benefit, and be willing to speak to it and for you to put it in. But
Lilliana Robinson: that's that's just an option. Otherwise, what you have. There is fine. Just like use your classmates. Use your friends. Just find a a random millennial to say I want advice. I can trust for the advisor.
Lilliana Robinson: It doesn't even have to be an advisor like those can be actors.
Lilliana Robinson: For both of those things. Have someone at a desk in like a collared shirt, and it'll just look like they're an advisor. So I'm saying like, Don't spend.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: On, that.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: It's an advisor. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm being dead soon.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, or whatever they wear. I don't know. It's your customer.
Lilliana Robinson: you know what they were, but
Lilliana Robinson: switch that to a customer pro testimonial, if you can. Otherwise, this is really good, and I really agree with your allocation of time. One of the best allocations of time I've seen because it's very targeted toward what you're trying to get across
Lilliana Robinson: like you, you cut to the chase within 17 seconds
Lilliana Robinson: with your solution. And why? It's different. You do some differentiation which is really cool. I think that's a lot of people will put that in the QA. But it's really cool to put that in the video, especially because you're gonna display some features. Make sure that you don't get lost in the features on point 4.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: you got it.
Lilliana Robinson: They're much more important.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Yeah, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Other than that those are my only pieces of feedback here.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other pieces of feedback for Dominic, and will.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I just wanna say I think it's really good. And I think you don't actually need to change anything because it's client facing. But if you wanted to just broaden it a tad like your audience, I would just put a quick blurb of what
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): blurb about what compliant means like, you know the sec. Sec. Mandates, or I don't know. I don't know what the regulation is, but cause people who work in unregulated industries like don't understand what compliance means. But again, it's client facing. So you don't need to. But I would have liked just that quick blurb at the beginning, and then moving on to the rest.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Perfect. Yeah, that's really helpful. It's a really good point. Thank you, Monica.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Thank you.
George Reed - Noetic: I was. Gonna say, I think the idea of focusing on customers as a way of supporting the interest from investors as well is good. I think I'll do the same. Actually.
George Reed - Noetic: I think, was it, Lillian that said that yesterday or the day before?
George Reed - Noetic: Maybe so. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Great. Okay? Well, we'll move on from Looney 8. But overall really great. This was, you guys were very prepared. Normally, a lot of people come in and don't know what they're doing for their videos. So Nerot and Karim, you're not alone. Normally like half of the people don't have anything and are like, I just need to think through it. It sounds like your classmates have ideas for you which is awesome, so connect with them.
Lilliana Robinson: shoot us a boxer, or even like a video loom. If you want to walk through like some sort of storyboard and we can give you Feedback Async.
Lilliana Robinson: And then, for everyone else. Start making your drafts as soon as you have something to share, send it over, post it in cohort, support for feedback from the group, or you can send it in your individual project and just get our feedback. And I'll just keep giving you guys iterations and and feedback until we have a final draft. That's kind of how it's going to work.
Lilliana Robinson: Do not slack on this like waiting till the last minute is not gonna be great for you. A lot of people get really stressed the last week. They're like forcing videographers on Fiverr to like crank out multiple iterations in like the week before. And then I'm telling you things come up because these are
Lilliana Robinson: I. Yeah, I see you guys cracking up. It literally happens every time. And then the videographer has a family emergency. And then you don't have a video in time. And then you're stressed. And then you have to use an old version, and you don't go into Demo Day confident all of those things have happened. So just learn from your predecessors, and don't do that. You pretty much want it all set far before Thanksgiving.
Lilliana Robinson: You guys also have the challenge of the week before Demo Day being Thanksgiving. So like you really can't leave it till then, because I really don't know if you're going to be able to get 3rd parties to help you during the holidays.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool so earlier, better than later.
Lilliana Robinson: You're already on a great track. So just start making actual drafts of these. And I think they're going to be great
Lilliana Robinson: cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I will see you guys at one for Kevin's workshop.
Lilliana Robinson: Talk to you, then.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Thanks. Juliana. Everyone.